okay so about the
Gamera's topic is kind of down and out. I could see that.
but we need to still talking about it because we need to finish
this conversation.
Two more sessions to go. Three, four, and five.
So I have a question.
You know, Hawaii.
Why did you, in that movie, the animation one?
So the guy you said you like.
He's the guy who was adopted.
The male guy.
who gets on the helicopter  who tried to escape
But he always ended up with kids. yeah
why
So what makes you like that guy?
You mean the same voice actor? oh okay okay
But yeah, So that's why you like that.
The character that um...
in the movie that you like it's a voice person who's doing the voice for that
That's why you like that character. (***)
So what about the other boys?
or the other kids who are involved in that animation movie. How do you like them?
oh he only wants the action part okay
yeah yeah so that's a small gals that's when
The girls were trying to attack the kids.
yeah yeah but they're little but they're bigger than humans
yeah yeah yeah and they were actually trying to eat people yeah yeah yeah
yeah mm mmm Which that happened and that's why they were saved.
Yeah  okay.
You know all the Gamera's films?
They always have kids involved.
and they are always the person who listens, Garnetta listens to.
Yeah. So and.
I don't know Gamera listens to adults at all. yeah
Well, I guess so. But more kids than adults.
I wonder why that is.
Well, director?
Well, maybe because the kids tend to have a pure heart.
Or they're honest and they're open.
it's so maybe that's what the camera like  yeah
So I think that's why they are really
(***) So I think the movie also wanted to...
say something  about what's going on just like the other you know
the other movie that for god gojira they wanted to say something about the government
Gamera wanted to say that.
Kids are pure, kids are worth protecting.
kids are very funny they try to they can
and to take care of themselves and things like that.
What do you think about the porch path?
you know the
real gamera There's a section that
The red little thing. What do you think about that?
Good do you have anything?
kids (***) oh (***)
And the real movie.
Baby gamera (***)
oh okay okay
When the baby camera came out, you mean the girl?
neighbohood girl, Neighborhood girl you're talking about
you
oh the boy the main character oh
Gamera I've only talked about it,
haahaa We're really running out of topic, aren't we?
but no no so my so let me go back
When they were passing the little thing, the little red thing, the stone.
From the girl who was in the hospital to...
You know, I realized,
they were all connected because they're kids right  no one had to say anything
say anything. And somehow the first
girl who picked up the stone from the girl who was in the hospital.
kind of knew what she needed to do
yeah they need to do they knew they knew what they need to do
and they knew where they have to go
yeah
and then somehow and then that day
they got it and then they kind of knew what
they needed to do, which is look for the main boy. so
yeah and then they finally got there and then the boy knew what he needed to do
yeah so and then dad
First time we realized what was going on.
and then decided to help the
help his son basically and then at the end he didn't make it
We are.